We have built the structural frame and we have delivered the power.
Now we must cool the system.
With the open rack wide supporting extreme density AI clusters,
advanced liquid cooling is a mandatory requirement.
To manage the immense weight of the IT
gear within the expanded 1200 millimeter width,
ORW
utilizes a unique mechanical substructure
known as the canister.
This heavily reinforced chassis ensures rigid support
and precise alignment as the massive server nodes slide into the rack.
This mechanical precision is absolutely critical.
To extract the massive heat load.
Thick vertical cooling manifolds are mounted securely into
the expanded side channels of the ORW frame.
Keeping the fluid
completely separate
from the central power delivery.
Connecting a multi 100 pound server into
these vertical manifolds requires absolute perfection.
The solution
is the pivoting blind mate coupling or PBMC.
As the canister slides into the rack,
the PBMC system automatically aligns the fluid connectors.
It utilizes a brilliant mechanical pivot
to absorb the extreme weight and positional tolerance of the hardware,
ensuring a zero leak fluid lock without any manual intervention.
The engineering behind this connection is a masterpiece of open hardware design.
Let's take a closer look at exactly how the
PBMC mechanism engages in our next interactive deep dive.